Before you start to analyze your advertising reports it's important that you understand the terms and
acronyms that you're going to see there in this video.
We're going to do an overview of the six most important ones SUNO and also show you where you can see
a glossary of all of the terms used by Facebook.
Now clicks are the total number of clicks actions in your ad and depending on what you're promoting
this kind include clicks to our Web site page likes event responses or app installs.
Click through race or city or refers to the number of clicks you receive.
Divided by the number of times an ad was shown on Facebook and the higher this number the better your
art is performing because it means that more people who see your ad really click through.
Next up we have CPM or cost per 1000 impressions and this is the average cost that you paid to have
1000 impressions of your ad.
An impression is any time an advertisement is shown on the screen and that's an important player occasion
to make an impression doesn't guarantee that the users saw it just that the ad appeared on their page.
Next up we have average CPC or cost per click for these ads.
This is calculated by the man spent divided by the number of clicks received.
So even if you're paying for in-and on a CPM basis you'll also see the CPC calculated and typically
you're aiming for the lowest CPC that still returns the results that you want.
Next up we have frequency and this refers to the average number of times each person received an impression
of your advertisement.
Advertisers often want to set a limit on this and to cap this at a certain rate to prevent fatigue or
people just seeing your ad over and over again and the last time you'll see often is reached.
And this refers to the number of unique people who saw your.
So for example if 100 people saw your ad then your reach would be equal to 100.
And if you had a reach of 100 with a frequency of four.
Well that would indicate that 100 people Soyer out four times which means you would have 400 impressions
for that campaign.
These six terms that you have learned will help you determine which ads are performing well and which
ones needs some refinements.
And for a full list of definitions and terms used by Facebook you can check out the glossary as shown
on screen.
I'll put a link to it in the resources section of this video as well.